So, you agreed.
Well, the company that had debt transactions with Shen Group before,
Most of them are related to the Jiang family.
In two days, you should be able to receive a few books.
There is also news that the little sword merchant is back. What?
Sometimes I really doubt it,
Is the bankruptcy of your Shen family related to your eating habits?
He had fled abroad because of Shen's lawsuit.
The lawsuit was almost over in the past two days, and he came back.
I also heard that he was preparing for some kind of auction,
It should be to intercept those nobles in Linjiang Province
If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have used the five hundred thousand dollars to make ears.
Otherwise I would have the money to go to his auction now.
If you are really short of money
I can give you a good idea
what idea
kiss me
I'll give you ten thousand yuan
What you said is true
Then I'm afraid you don't have enough space on your face. Wait a minute.
where did you go
I'm going to buy two lipsticks
I'm afraid waiting won't be enough
Who are these people?
You turned around and kissed me
tell town mountain
I also want to buy Huishou Jieli
Shaowei, don't move. Come here, don't move.